[THEME MUSIC]
>> You are in for
a blessing today.
As you grow in self-awareness
and become more informed
by life's challenges, you
will treasure spending time
with my guest.
She is a light.
She's dedicated to the positive
aspects of healing and helping
millions in being the best
in body, mind, and spirit.
Hi.
I'm Carolyn Craft, and welcome
to "A World of Wisdom."
Linda MacKenzie is an active
holistic health practitioner
and teacher of
alternative awareness.
She is hosting her
own radio show,
"Creative Health and Spirit."
And we're thankful to have her.
Welcome, Linda.
>> Thank you very much.
It's a pleasure to be here.
>> What I didn't add was you're
into over 10 million homes,
I think, with the radio show.
But before this even got
started, you were an engineer.
And probably one of the most
fascinating things about you
is the fact that you bring
that engineering background.
And then you became
God-based psychic.
How did that happen?
>> Well, boy, it was an
amazing journey, actually.
What happened was I saw God
when I was eight years old.
And then I had a lot
of different kinds
of psychic experiences
up to that point.
What happened then was about 23,
God said, well, stop this now.
And so I said, OK.
And I decided that I
would be an engineer.
And so I was one
of the first women
data communications engineers
in the airline industry.
And I designed satellite
systems and air-to-ground radio
and whatever.
And I did that for
about 18 years.
And then about three years ago,
God said, time to shift again.
And I said, what?
And he said, let's go.
And one thing led to
another, and I resurfaced
with my psychic abilities.
And it's just been
blossoming since then.
>> You know, I think
we're finding that some
of the greatest healers now on--
healers from-- in
all aspects are
receiving a lot of their wisdom
through divine appointment.
It's not like they're going
to a college or a university
to gain this knowledge.
I find it interesting, though.
It seems like the
engineering is left-brain,
as I'm always joking about.
And then the intuitive, the
psychic, is back over here
on this other side.
>> Well, actually, I think--
and this is the word according
to Linda, which may mean
absolutely nothing, OK?
But I think that the
psychic ability is somewhere
between the two.
See, I believe that we
use 10% part of our brains
and when we learn to balance the
left side with the right side,
that we create an
access or a pathway
to the 90% part of the brain.
And that's where psychic ability
comes from and self-healing.
And that was an
interesting story.
In 1987, I had the
chronic fatigue syndrome
or Epstein-Barr virus.
And after five months of
hectic search by the doctors,
from brain tumors to whatever,
they told me what I had.
And they told me to go home.
And there was no help with that.
And so through hypnosis
and nutrition and vitamins
and herbs, I've healed myself.
And I've been
sickness-free since 1992.
>> You think that launched
what you're doing now?
>> Yes, it did,
because it also--
one of the things that
God wanted me to do
was to tell people that
there is hope in life,
that we must face our fears, and
for me to give out information.
So everything I do in
this life from now on
is to give out information,
in truth and integrity.
That's the key.
>> You have such a personal
relationship with God.
What do you say to
those people that
are seeking the same thing?
>> Look to your heart.
Trust in your heart, and
know that he's there.
There's really-- it's
very simple, actually.
Surrender.
In every aspect of your
life, body, mind, spirit,
emotional, mental,
whatever you want to do,
if you surrender and
know that God is there,
he'll be there
100% at all times.
>> And surrendering takes
different shapes, doesn't it?
>> And different times--
I'm still in--
I'm still in the path of
surrendering, you know?
It's part of the growth and
the change process, you know?
So-- and it-- and it gets tough.
Sometimes, you surrender.
And sometimes, it
hits you again,
and you gotta learn
to surrender again.
>> But don't we learn by every
time that we do surrender?
And I-- I know it's
true surrender.
It's truly being
in a place of not
knowing what the
next step is and not
relying on just the intellect or
experience to show you the way,
but really trusting that
there can be a paradigm shift.
And I'm going to be
changed and rearranged
and do things differently.
That's a true surrender.
>> Yes, it is.
And there's also
another key points
when we want to be on our
path and whichever that is.
It doesn't have to be
something great, because what--
if we're contributing
to society and helping
people, however small, we're
doing what we're meant to do.
So-- but some of the tricks of
it is to live in the moment.
Remember, we're-- if
we live in the past,
it stops us from
healing, even healing,
because illness is
associated with remembering.
And I mean, illness is
associated with forgetting,
and health is associated with
remembering in the brain.
I am going for my PhD in
clinical hypnotherapy.
So if I talk a lot about
the left and right brain,
this is where that comes from.
And so we need to live in
the moment, forget the past,
because it's over, and the
future has so many variables.
So if we live in the moment,
we can enjoy each moment
as it unfolds, like
a petal of a flower.
And we can use all our
senses and tastes and--
and enjoy it for what
it is or learn from it.
>> What is forgetting the past?
What does that look like?
Or what does it feel like?
How can I experience
forgetting the past?
>> Well, that's a good question,
because I think it's different
for everyone.
And everyone is different.
The way we heal is different.
Our spirits are different.
Our minds are different.
And so we really need
to acknowledge that.
So the feeling of letting
go of the past is, to me--
I can speak in my context--
is to-- it's like having
a breath of fresh air
and knowing that everything
around you is in focus.
You can taste and touch
and smell and just live it,
you know?
It's a fulfilling feeling, like
a filling part in your heart
and your body and your mind.
>> Well, and if I have forgotten
something or really released
it-- and when I think
of "forgetting,"
I think of not entertaining
those thoughts about the past
that create any sort of
blocks for us going to-- being
in the moment or going forward.
But then I'm in a position or a
relationship or reenter family
situations or whatever.
And I think that I
have let that go,
and I find out that I'm still--
I haven't.
>> Because if you look at it,
there's another little piece
that you have to
acknowledge first.
So before we let
anything go, we need
to acknowledge that it's
there, that it exists.
Then we can let it go.
And then-- and my big words
on all my tapes and all my
is to feel, trust, and know.
>> And in your
engineering background,
I know you were quite
I'll say popular.
But there are a lot of
people that still know you
from that reputation.
>> Yes.
>> Was it a subtle shift?
Or was it a major awakening?
>> It was a major.
And they pulled me kicking
and screaming into this--
>> They--
>> Because, well, you
know, my girlfriends--
>> God--
>> God, as well.
But my girlfriend
is an astrologer,
and she did my chart.
And she said, you need
to be doing readings.
You need to be out there.
And I just said, well, you
know, I'm not sure about this.
I mean, I helped
all the way through.
But I wasn't quite sure.
And so she's well, I'm
sending you people.
And people started
calling me from England.
And then I started--
I manufactured 110 products in--
in alternative
medicine and awareness
to give out information
in a positive light
to eliminate fear
of something new,
because the only constant
in life is change.
So-- and I seem to be
changing every-- every day,
you know, into something.
And I'm always doing the
thing that I'm supposed to do,
and I trust that.
So I started out with
manufacturing some products.
And then I went and--
and manufactured some tapes.
And-- and they were
all on healing.
And I started going on radio
and did this as guest spots.
And I went for my clinical
hypnotherapy degree,
and they heard on the tapes.
And they said, I had
combined the top three
methods in hypnotherapy
innately on the tapes.
And they put--
>> Naturally--
>> Naturally, just, you know.
And-- and then they
went ahead and put me
in their PhD program.
So I did that.
And then I went into radio,
and I started my own show.
And we've been on the
air now for about--
oh, about a year and
a couple of months.
And--
>> Been very successful.
>> I have helped over 1,066
people in a year in one hour
on a Sunday.
>> Yeah.
>> My goal is to help
one person a day,
so I'm very ecstatic
about all this, you know?
So--
>> Do you feel that or think
that other people can learn
to be psychics or can
learn to be more psychic?
>> Yes.
And they also need to
trust their own selves
and their own heart,
OK, because there
is a lot of
different ways to get
to God, which is really what
being psychic is about, OK?
And it is--
>> Take some of the scary stuff
away from it when you say like
that, when you really--
>> And I am a God-based psychic.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean-- and I'm right
there, and he's with me.
And I talk to him,
and he guides me.
And I trust him.
And-- and I have a lot
of peace from that.
So you know.
In this way, I--
I get to help other
people all of the time.
And it's wonderful.
>> So when someone
trusts in their heart,
that helps in order to develop
their own psychic awareness
or their channels to
receive information?
And I lose the word--
use the word "channel" lightly,
but receive information
from God?
>> Yes.
And there's a knowing.
Now, everyone has this knowing.
And everybody has
the concept of truth.
Whether we choose
to use it or not
is, again, up to that individual
because God is very good, OK?
He gives us the methods and
ways to control our own lives.
We control our own lives.
However, if we do
make a mistake--
where there is no mistakes,
by the way, because it's only
a path to take a look at what
we've done so we can progress
to our next step.
But say we decide that
we've taken a wrong path.
And you'll get to
relive it over and over
and over again, as if you're
picking the wrong man all
the time.
You'll get him again and
again, because he'll give you
lots of opportunities to learn.
>> It's good to hear, too, when
you were saying earlier about
the surrender, that
there are plateaus.
And we might go back
into a situation
and still have a
feeling or an experience
that we haven't
forgotten or let it go,
but just to know that we
haven't lost ground in any way.
We're going to be right back.
I do want to let
our viewers know
that you have a book
called "Inner Insights--
the Book of Charts" by Linda
MacKenzie, alternative medicine
and awareness
quick-reference charts.
We're going to be talking more
about this when we come back.
Stay with us.
Welcome back to "A
World of Wisdom."
And I'm speaking
with Linda MacKenzie.
She's the author of "Inner
Insights-- the Book of Charts."
And a wonderful question
is to know why you wrote
the book in the first place.
It's pretty thorough.
>> Well, no one had a reference
book on alternative medicine
and awareness.
And so what we want to do is
educate people and eliminate
fear, OK?
We want to-- the only constant
thing in life is change.
And so to effect
positive ways to change,
I wanted to give people
alternate methods
to take a look at,
rather than just some
of the standards that don't
seem to be working quite as
well anymore.
>> It takes a lot of the
scare out, too, the book does,
in a lot of the
different charts.
>> But it's very easy,
because what I've designed is
a reference book that has 78
quick-reference charts on 40
different topics, from
acupressure to Western
elements.
So if they-- someone
wanted to know something
about aromatherapy or
Bach flowers or numerology
or astrology or what Native
American animals mean
in your dreams or kabbalah,
it's all in one book.
And so what it does is it
allows people to figure out
what they would like
to be interested in,
go out and buy more books on the
subject, and when they're done,
they can go ahead and
use the-- my book again
as a quick-reference
chart again.
>> I think this also speaks
to your earlier statement,
that they're all
different paths,
many different
ways to get to God.
You know, Linda, you've
talked about God is a "him."
what-- why is that so for you?
>> Why is that?
>> Yeah.
>> And we've all said,
"Mother/Father God."
>> I know.
I know.
Well, as you know,
that I believe
is that there are many
paths to get to God.
And in my vision growing
up as a Catholic,
you know, and when I saw God
when I was eight years old,
he manifested himself
in my vision, OK?
So-- and it was a man, with
a white beard and whatever.
And so whenever I am blessed
to be in the presence of God,
which isn't often--
you know, he's pretty busy.
Yet he's there for each
one of us at all times--
he's always in this man.
Or I see his robe or
his foot or wherever I'm
supposed to be at at the time.
So-- but I believe that
God will manifest himself
to you as you perceive
him, because perception
is a very big thing in life.
When I do healing
or psychic readings,
you know, I'll say the "Our
Father," which is my standard.
And I get my ego out of the way.
And then I kind of feel.
I'm a clairsentient.
There's many different
kinds of psychics and--
>> "Clairsensient,"
"sentient"-- what is that?
>> That-- I probably
pronounced it wrong, because--
>> Well, I know I did, so--
>> You know, coming--
being born in New York
and living in California
and traveling the
world, we never
know how I'm going
to pronounce things.
What is a clairsentient?
I feel what you're feeling.
>> OK.
>> OK?
And everyone's
comprised of energy.
Now, here's that
engineering mind, as well as
the right-brain,
creative side of me.
We're all comprised of energy.
It's either electromagnetic
or electrical energy, OK?
And everything has energy, trees
and flowers and everything.
And so therefore, you know,
as we are using this energy,
I go into your energy path.
And it's almost
like the way I do it
is like a cellular telephone.
It's the best way
to describe it.
You can't see the
signal, but I'm there.
And I kind of go in, and I feel.
It's a sense, a knowing.
And then whoever's
connected to you is--
there's a cord of energy to
that person that-- or people
that are coming into your
life, there's energy.
>> Yeah.
I'm not doubting anybody.
Say, that's true, but
I have heard that.
>> And so what I do is
I've-- it's like microseconds
or milliseconds.
And I'm over in
their path, and I
can sense what they're feeling.
>> There isn't a sense of
time, though, is it, for you?
>> No.
Time is-- time is human.
>> It is, though,
when you get this.
>> God doesn't have time.
Yes.
Yeah.
And most psychics, when
you're talking to them,
if they're giving
you a time, you
have to give them
a little leeway,
because we're in a space or a
realm where time is irrelevant.
>> Are there-- and I'm
going to use this word.
And I don't even like
to use it, but good
and bad or good and
not-so-good psychics?
And I'm not asking you to
make any judgment on someone
else, but in general.
>> Well, most of the readings
that I do are for other
psychics.
That was very amazing to me.
And part of my
venue is to get them
to their next step,
wherever it may be.
Now, here's the difference.
There are people that--
who are intuitive
that are calling
themselves "psychic," OK.
There's two-- it's
two different--
>> And the difference is?
>> The difference is is
that when you get a psychic
feeling-- first off, to--
to reach the levels, you have
to be on a personal growth path
to be able to accept the
power and the responsibilities
of this.
It's a very hard job, because
you cannot interfere with that
person's life path.
You need to give them-- and
so I'm a little different kind
of psychic.
I tell them, don't call me back.
I'm giving you the tools
to empower yourself,
OK, because what better way?
And then once they
empower themselves,
they help other people.
So I'm a little different
than most psychics.
But there's a
physical manifestation
when you're having a
psychic experience, in lieu
of an intuitive experience.
For me, the small of
my back gets numb, OK?
Other people, their
stomach may flutter.
Or their eyelids may
flutter, or they'll
get a sensation in their hands.
>> And you know at that point,
you are connected with this
other individual or--
>> With God.
>> OK.
>> And God is doing-- or with
whatever he's chosen to provide
for me at that time, you know,
because sometimes, it's not.
You know, it's the path.
You know, he'll let
me do it on my own.
>> So how is this different,
then, from intuition?
>> Intuition can only go so far.
Everyone's intuitive.
Everyone has hunches.
Everybody's psychic.
Everyone in the world
has psychic abilities.
And your stockbroker will
tell you that all the time.
>> So would you see yourself--
and I'm not touting you or
patronizing you in a way.
But would you see
yourself among the many
and yet, compared to the
whole population, the few that
might be showing us some
examples of how we can find
that ability within ourselves?
>> What seems to be happening
with my life is that whoever
needs me comes.
So I don't question.
I don't put myself
on any kind of level.
I just am who I am, you know?
And-- and everyone has value.
>> The power of the
thought, I think,
is the most powerful thing
that we can begin to understand
in our waking state.
And as our-- our human
being evolving state,
it is one of the most
powerful things we can.
And I don't know.
Every day I work
with this, what is--
what's happening in
my thoughts right now?
What am I manifesting?
What are some of
the things that you
can say to us about getting
a grip on those things that
are going through our
heads at all times?
>> Well, I have a
little exercise I give,
because, you know, there's a
lot of stress in the world,
you know?
As-- and there's
all sorts of stress.
You know, there's
emotional-- electrical stress
from the wires and
environmental stress.
And there's nutritional stress
when we don't get our vitamins.
And-- and this stress
makes our power of thought
erratic, because we're
getting hit on all sides.
I mean, it's very hard today
in all walks of life, you know?
It's just very, very tough.
So what I do is
say, take a minute
and get rid of the stress.
And how you do that is you say
to yourself, I've got a minute.
And I'm going to give myself
a break in one minute.
I'm going to allow
all the emotions
to come out and process.
And at the end of that minute,
I am going to be centered,
I am going to be whole, and
I'm going to be at peace.
And you close your eyes,
and you take a look
at the clock, before you
close your eyes, at the time.
And you close your eyes.
And you'll-- I see
fantastic colors.
When I get emotional--
and you know,
because I'm processing
emotion all the time,
I'll see all this
red light and--
you know, and different
colors, you know?
And so it's an amazing thing.
So-- and then that will
get me back to center
and back to peace.
There's another--
there's another way
to do that is to think of
your stomach chakra, OK?
You think of your stomach
so that it centers you.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> So there's all
sorts of little tricks.
And I-- and that's part of
my thing is to give out.
And my radio show does this.
We do nothing but short
stuff on information,
alternative medicine,
awareness-- let's learn it.
Let's do it.
>> We're glad to have you
on "Wisdom Radio," too.
And we're going to have
to close this time.
And we will have another
segment with you.
But in the meantime, I want
to let our viewers know
about the "Inner Insights--
the Book of Charts"
by Linda MacKenzie, alternative
medicine and awareness
quick-reference charts.
And I think we're going to be
seeing a little bit of this
during the break.
And it's been a pleasure
meeting with you.
And till next time, you've been
watching "A World of Wisdom."
I'm Carolyn Craft
with Linda MacKenzie.
Stay tuned.